Privacy, Security and Secrecy of Communication Workshop - Radiofonia
Toggle navigation
Home
About Workshop
Agenda
Team
Timeline
Contacts
Partners
Register
EN
CZ
SK
HU
PL
Privacy, Security and Secrecy of Communication
Register for the workshop
See dates
About The Workshop
Technologies for people with social impact.
The “Privacy, Security and Secrecy of Communication” is a cycle of workshops for everyone who values being able to remain anonymous, to keep secrets to himself, to communicate with peers without anyone listening, and to avoid having his every step watched. We will talk about anonymity and privacy in age of mass surveillance. During the workshop we will raise awarness, cover practice of current communication technologies, and simulate a real-life eavesdropping to deepen participants' understanding of our digital reality.
Awareness
Tools
Experience
Takeaways
Mass Surveillance
We live in an era of mass data collection, undermining of civil security technologies and off the shelf surveillance tools for national agents. What does this mean for us?
Privacy & anonymity
With technological and cultural shift to producing, sharing and gathering enornmous ammounds of data privacy and anonymity seem dead. Are they?
Metadata
Metadata tells more about you, because contrary to content, it just doesn't lie. Why is that?
Cryptography
How can cryptography help to achieve confidentiality in journalistic cooperation with sources?
Stop leaving so many trails
Learn to notice your digital shadow, and  to make it smaller.
Harden communication channels
Add a layer of security to your communication paths.
Hide in the crowd
Anonymity is not simply about being unknown. It's also about being in a crowd you don't stand out from.
Dead drop
Be prepared to accept information anonymously as an organization.
Play
The problematique will illustrated by similations at the workshop. We will perform communication patterns of journalists communicating with sources and play hide and seek with security services.
TAILS
You will receive a live pendrive with
TAILS
- operating system that aims at preserving your privacy and anonymity.
Agenda
10:00
Block 1. Anonymity and privacy landscape of our era.
Introduction - what are we going to learn, what are we going to do, and what are the expected results.
Landscape of our digital era - surveillance, leaks, whistleblowers and journalists.
Outlining privacy and anonymity - what are they, who needs them, why do they need them.
Metadata speaks louder then words - its pitfals and scarry reality.
Surveillance and monitoring of communication technologies - government and commercial, passive and active.
11:30
Break
11:45
Block 2. Anonymity, privacy and secrecy
Anonymity in theory - about not being identified and deanonymization methods.
Anonymity in practice - software tools to stay anonymous.
Confidentiality and data safety in theory - about cryptography and it's use in communication with sources.
Confidentiality and data safety in practice - software tools to use and best pracitices.
How can a media agency securely and anonymously accept information?
13:15
Lunch
13:45
Block 3. The game.
Live action role-playing game: "Whistleblowers", where you will become journalists, agents or whistleblowers and try to reach a goal in a surveillance world! Before the game we will take some time to prepare you, and after it to discuss the results.
16:45
Break
17:00
Block 4. Recapitulation.
We'll discuss the game experience, summarize the workshop, listen to your feedback and answer remaining questions.
17:30
Beer time. The workshop ends at 17:30, but if you want to have a beer or coffee with us, stay and lets chat! Unfortunately, we lack funds to purchase the drinks for you.
Team
We are cross-media fanatics.
Digital Rights advocate and IT specialist. He is passionate about privacy, freedom of speech and new media serving progressive political change. Researcher and practitioner of grassroot, cooperative action.
Marcin Koziej
Trainer
Cross-media activist, entrepreneur, community media editor, and team leader of online projects. He participated in successful whistleblowing campaign against public Universities in Kraków.
More…
Marcin Lewandowski
Trainer
Hunor Király
DemNet
Local partner (HU)
Tereza Libecajtová
Iuridicum Remedium
Local partner (CZ)
Adela Tihlarikova
PDCS
Local partner (SK)
Marcel Kwaśniak
Radiofonia Association
Local partner (PL)
Timeline
Four meetings with a lot of takeaways.
Kraków
Spółdzielnia Ogniwo, ul. Paulińska 28, Kraków
18 May 2015 | 10:00am
Prague
Paralelni Polis, Dělnická 43, Praha 7
30 May 2015 | 10:00am
Budapest
To be determined
6 June 2015 | 10:00am
Bratislava
PDCS, Štúrova 13
+421 252 925 016
12 June 2015 | 10:00am
Contact
Don't hestitate to ask your questions.
e-mail:
whistleblowers@radiofonia.net
Phone: +48 123450373
Facebook:
fb.com/radiofonia.fm
Twitter:
@RadiofoniaNet
Address: Stowarzyszenie Radiofonia
Kotlarska 18/6
31-539 Kraków, Poland
Partners
Register
There're only 15 seats per workshop so don't hesitate!
Fee is just 10 EUR.
We will provide a vegetarian lunch.
We will speak English.
Please bring your laptop.
We accept payments via PayPal or wire transfer
Select location
Kraków, PL (18.05.2015)
Prague, CZ (30.05.2015)
Budapest, HU (06.06.2015)
Bratislava, SK (12.06.2015)
Please write a few words about you, your professional background, your interest in the workshop or whatever you think can be relevant for us:
Please share with us your personal/company data (just for the invoice)
Full name
Street + house number
Postal code
City
Country
Tax ID (for companies)
Contact (e-mail or phone number)
… or if you prefer to use wire transfer:
Recipient name: Stowarzyszenie Radiofonia
Recipient address: ul. Kotlarska 18/6, 31-539 Kraków
Account number:  56 2030 0045 1110 0000 0267 5230
SWIFT: GOPZPLPW
Transfer name: "Privacy workshop,
DATE
,
NAME SURNAME
"
Amount: 10 EUR
Click here to send us e-mail with your registration information to whistleblowers@radiofonia.net
…
in case of any questions please mail us at
 
whistleblowers@radiofonia.net
Copyright 2015 © Stowarzyszenie Radiofonia
second largest market square in Poland by Monica Kelly @ flickr CC BY-SA 2.0
Bratislava Old Town by xlibber @ flickr CC BY 2.0
Hungary-2559 - Fisherman's Bastion and Chain Bridge by Dennis Jarvis CC BY-SA 2.0
Layout powered By MustacheThemes.
function isProduction() {
			  return window.location.host == "whistleblowers.radiofonia.net";
			}

		  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
		  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
		  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
		  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

		  if(isProduction()) {
		    ga('create', 'UA-41304992-7', 'auto');
		    ga('send', 'pageview');

		    setTimeout(function() {
		      ga('send', 'event', 'activity', '30s');
		    }, 30000);
		  }
